Add issue assignation policy + warning about meilisearch-js priority in pre-release (#158)
meilisearch/integration-guides: resources/issues.md

- `JS integrations`: the issue concerns some or all the JS repositories (ex: meilisearch-js, instant-meilisearch, docs-search.js...)
- `DevOps tools`: the issue concerns some or all the DevOps repositories (ex: meilisearch-gcp, meilisearch-aws...)
- `SDKs`: the issue concerns some or all the SDKs (ex: meilisearch-js, meilisearch-ruby...)

## Issue assignation policy

We prefer not assigning external people to our issues.

Why? It often occurs that people ask to be assigned and never come back, which discourages the volunteer contributors to open a PR to fix the issue.

We will accept and merge the first PR that fixes correctly and well implements the issue following the contribution guidelines of the corresponding repository.

> We are looking forward to seeing your contribution, and no need to wait for an assignation to start it! 👍

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are looking forward to your contributions, no need to wait for an assignation to start! 👍
```
